Concluding Remarks
==================

Building computational models of biochemical processes is usually a
demanding task, especially for experimental biologists without modeling
experience. This chapter aims to provide a guide on how one can quickly
build and simulate spatially resolved biochemical models with the
Spatiocyte software. We started with the basic theory of the Spatiocyte
method and continued with the installation and simulation procedures.
The various modules available to Spatiocyte users were also explained
with accompanying model examples.

 

We plan to continuously develop and improve the Spatiocyte software and
user experience. The contents of this guide will also therefore, evolve
with the addition of new features and enhancements. The latest version
of this guide will be available along with the Spatiocyte source code,
which at the time of writing, is hosted at GitHub. The Spatiocyte
website, `http://spatiocyte.org <http://spatiocyte.org/>`__ also
contains the latest information about the Spatiocyte method and
software.

 

In future, we would like to introduce the ability of subunits to
polymerize on the membrane and in the cytoplasm. A polymerization
strategy using the HCP lattice was proposed recently (Arjunan, 2009).
Diffusion of compartments, and molecules with different shapes and sizes
are also in the future development plan. Parallel implementation of the
Spatiocyte method to run on multi-core architectures and graphics
processing units is also being considered. We are also currently working
on introducing compartments with complex surface geometries. Spatiocyte
users are encouraged to submit feature requests and bug reports, while
independent developers can submit their own algorithm modules, code
improvements and bug fixes.

Acknowledgments
===============

The author thanks Goh Su Hua for creating the cluster model in the
parameter tuning example.

References
==========

#. 1.Arjunan, S. N. V. (2009) Modeling three-dimensional spatial
   regulation of bacterial cell division. PhD Thesis, Keio University. 

#. 2.Arjunan, S. N. V. and Tomita, M. (2009). Modeling
   reaction-diffusion of molecules on surface and in volume spaces with
   the E-Cell System. International Journal of Computer Science and
   Information Security. 3(1): 211–216. 

#. 3.Arjunan, S. N. V. and Tomita, M. (2010). A new multicompartmental
   reaction-diffusion modeling method links transient membrane
   attachment of E. coli MinE to E-ring formation. Systems and Synthetic
   Biology 4(1): 35-53 

#. 4.Collins, F. C. and Kimball, G. E. (1949). Diffusion-controlled
   reaction rates. J Colloid Sci 4(4):425–437. 

#. 5.Gibson, M. and Bruck, J. (2000). Efficient exact stochastic
   simulation of chemical systems with many species and many channels. J
   Phys Chem A 104(9):1876–1889 

#. 6.Gillespie, D. T. (1976). A general method for numerically
   simulating the stochastic time evolution of coupled chemical
   reactions. J Comput Phys 22(4):403–434 

#. 7.Gillespie, D. T. (1977). Exact stochastic simulation of coupled
   chemical reactions. J Phys Chem 81(25):2340–2361 

#. 8.Dix JA, Verkman AS. (2008). Crowding effects on diffusion in
   solutions and cells. Annu Rev Biophys. 37:247-63. 

#. 9.Hall D, Hoshino M. (2010). Effects of macromolecular crowding on
   intracellular diffusion from a single particle perspective.
   Biophysical Reviews. 2(1):39-53. 

#. 10.Takahashi, K., Kaizu, K., Hu, B. and Tomita, M. (2004). A
   multi-algorithm, multi-timescale method for cell simulation.
   Bioinformatics. 20(4):538–546 


