Spatiocyte Method
=================

In this section, we summarize the underlying features of the Spatiocyte
method that are necessary to build an RD model. For a more detailed
description of the method we direct the reader to a previous article
(Arjunan and Tomita, 2010).

 

The Spatiocyte method discretizes the space into a hexagonal
close-packed (HCP) lattice of regular sphere voxels with radius rv. Each
voxel has 12 adjoining neighbors. To represent a surface compartment
such as a cell or a nuclear membrane, all empty voxels of the
compartment are occupied with immobile lipid molecules. The method also
allows molecules to be simulated at microscopic and compartmental
spatial scales simultaneously. In the former, each molecule is discrete
and treated individually. For example, each diffusing molecule at the
microscopic scale is moved independently by a DiffusionProcess from a
source voxel to a target neighbor voxel after a given diffusion step
interval. Immobile molecules are also simulated at the microscopic
scale. Conversely at the compartmental scale, molecules are assumed to
be homogeneously distributed (HD) and thus, the concentration
information of each HD species is sufficient without explicit diffusion
movements. Depending on the simulated spatial scale and the mobility of
the reacting species, molecules can undergo either diffusion-influenced
or diffusion-decoupled reactions.

 

All second-order reactions comprising two diffusing reactants, or a
diffusing and an immobile reactant are diffusion-influenced, and are
therefore, executed by the DiffusionInfluencedReactionProcess. The
remaining reactions, which include all zeroth- and first-order
reactions, and second-order reactions that involve two adjoining
immobile reactants or at least one HD reactant, can be decoupled from
diffusion. These diffusion-decoupled reactions are performed by the
SpatiocyteNextReactionProcess.

 

We proceed with the execution of DiffusionInfluencedReactionProcess for
a reaction j. Following our discretized scheme (Arjunan and Tomita,
2010) of the Collins and Kimball RD approach (Collins and Kimball,
1949), when a diffusing molecule collides with a reactant pair of j at
the target voxel, they react with probability

image0

 

where the constant image1, L is the lipid species, k is the intrinsic
reaction rate of j, D is the diffusion coefficient,  while the species
subscripts v and s denote volume and surface species respectively.

 

The DiffusionProcess handles the voxel-to-voxel random walk of diffusing
molecules and the collisions that take place between each walk. The
latter is necessary when a diffusing species participates in a strongly
diffusion-limited reaction and the time slice between each walk is too
large for an accurate value of pj. Given ts is the current simulation
time, the next time a molecule of a diffusing species i with a diffusion
coefficient Di can be moved to a randomly selected neighbor voxel is

image2,

where in the HCP lattice, the constant image3 if it is a volume
species or image4 if it belongs to a surface compartment. However, if
i participates in a diffusion-limited reaction, a reactive collision may
take place at time slices smaller than the walk interval image5,
causing pj > 1. To ensure pj ≤ 1, we reduce the DiffusionProcess
interval such that its next execution time becomes

image6

 

image7

 

Here Pi is an arbitrarily set reaction probability limit (default value
is unity) such that 0 ≤ Pi ≤ 1, and ρi=max{p1, … , pJ} where J is the
total number of diffusion-influenced reactions participated by the
species i. At each process interval, the molecule can collide as usual
with a neighbor reactant pair and react with a scaled probability of
pjPi/ρi. In the diffusion-limited case, ρi > Pi and because of the
reduced interval, the walk probability becomes less than unity to Pi/ρi.

 

Reactions that can be decoupled from diffusion such as zeroth- and
first-order reactions, and second-order reactions that involve two
adjoining immobile reactants or at least one HD reactant, are
event-driven by the SpatiocyteNextReactionProcess. The reaction product
can be made up of one or two molecules, which can be either HD or nonHD
molecules. The SpatiocyteNextReactionProcess is an adapted
implementation of the Next Reaction (NR) method (Gibson and Bruck,
2000), which itself is a variation of the Gillespie algorithm (Gillespie
1976, 1977).

 

In the process, the reaction propensity image8 (unit s-1) is
calculated from the rate coefficient according to

image9

 

|image10|

 

Here, S and V are area and volume of the reaction compartment
respectively, while kS (unit ms-1) is the surface-average adsorption
rate of an HD volume species A. In the second-order reactions, V is
replaced with S if both reactants are in a surface compartment. The next
reaction time of a randomly selected molecule in a first order reaction
or a pair of molecules in a second-order reaction is given by

image11

with ur a uniformly distributed random number in the range (0,1).

 

If a reaction has a nonHD product, the new molecule will replace a nonHD
reactant in the product compartment. Otherwise if the reaction only
involves HD reactants or if the product belongs to a different
compartment, the new nonHD molecule will be placed in a random vacant
voxel of the product compartment. The placement of a second nonHD
product also follows the same procedure. For intercompartmental
reactions, a nonHD product will occupy a vacant voxel adjoining both
compartments.

Dynamic localization patterns of simulated molecules can be directly
compared with experimentally obtained fluorescence microscopy images and
videos using the MicroscopyTrackingProcess and the SpatiocyteVisualizer.
Together, these modules simulate the microphotography process by
recording the trajectory of simulated molecules over the camera exposure
time and displaying their spatially localized densities. The
MicroscopyTrackingProcess records the number of times the molecules of a
species occupy each voxel at diffusion step intervals over the exposure
time. The SpatiocyteVisualizer then displays the species color at each
voxel with intensity and opacity levels that are directly proportional
the voxel occupancy frequency. Colors from different species occupying
the same voxel are blended to mimic co-localization patterns observed in
multiple-labeling experiments.

.. |image10| image:: data:image/*;base64,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


